Change working directory for REX in pull mode (#2783)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_setting-an-alternative-directory-for-remote-execution-jobs-in-pull-mode.adoc

[id="setting-an-alternative-directory-for-remote-execution-jobs-in-pull-mode_{context}"]
= Setting an alternative directory for remote execution jobs in pull mode

.Procedure

> . On your host, create a new directory:

Reviewer: Why would a user ever want this? It would be good to describe at least one use case.

Author: Good question, I will try to figure out some usecase. If I don't find any, I might close this.

[id="setting-an-alternative-directory-for-remote-execution-jobs-in-pull-mode_{context}"]
= Setting an alternative directory for remote execution jobs in pull mode

> By default, {Project} uses the `/run` directory on host for remote execution jobs in pull mode.
> 
> If the `/run` directory on your host is mounted with the `noexec` flag, {Project} cannot execute remote execution job scripts in this directory.
> Use this procedure set a new directory for executing remote execution jobs in pull mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, {Project} uses the `/run` directory on host for remote execution jobs in pull mode.
If the `/run` directory on your host is mounted with the `noexec` flag, {Project} cannot execute remote execution job scripts in this directory.
You can use the `yggdrasild` service to set an alternative directory for executing remote execution jobs in pull mode.
```
May I suggest slightly rewording the introduction to keep it in line with the [SSG](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#shortdesc)?

* A single paragraph feels more appropriate, because all the sentences are closely related (they represent the use case for the procedure, i.e. they're not just individual facts).
* Use consistent language ("alternative directory" throughout the module, rather than alternating between "alternative directory" and "new directory").
* Avoid self-referential language ("this procedure").

Author: Thank you, applied.

.Procedure

> . On your host, create a new directory:

Reviewer 2: Considering that all the steps are to be performed on the same host, I suggest splitting the information to create a brief introduction to the steps:
```suggestion
On your host, perform these steps:

. Create a new directory:
```

Author: Applied.

> . On your host, create a new directory:

Reviewer 2: That ^ said, we have a [BZ#2258870](https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2258870) that asks to specify that the steps are to be performed on SmartProxy as well. Would this make sense?

```suggestion
On {ProjectServer} or any other {SmartProxy}, perform these steps:

. Create a new directory:
```

Author: The comment in the BZ only applies to push-mode REX jobs. As for the BZ itself, I believe you can close it as completed once this PR is merged and the docs are republished.
